1. Example Description
    This is a simple application which shows the usage of Uart driver.
    1.1 The application software functionality
            - Port_Init
                    Initialize the pins used by the application using the Port driver.
            - Mcu_Init()
              Mcu_InitClock()
              Mcu_DistributePllClock()
              Mcu_SetMode()
                    Initialize the clock sources for project.
            - Platform_Init()
              Platform_InstallIrqHandler()
                    Initialize the interrupt for hardware channel and install handler for this interrupt vector.
            - Uart_Init
                    Initialize the Uart driver
            - Uart_Deinit
                    De-initialize the Uart driver
            - Uart_AsyncSend
                    Send Uart data
            - Uart_AsyncReceive
                    Receive Uart data
            - Uart_GetStatus
                    Get status of Uart
    1.2 The application description
            - The welcome message is sent via UART: "This example is an simple echo using UART
                                                     The board will greet you if you send 'Hello'
                                                     Now you can begin typing:"
            - User shall send "Hello" string. If the board receives the user's string, then the greeting string shall be sent to user.

2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32G-VNP-RDB3 (SCH-53060, Rev E)
        2.2.2 Connections
            - No pin connections are needed for this application, it uses LINFlexD instance 1, which is internally connected to the serial-to-USB module on the board (UART1 USB port - J1).
            - A terminal interface (termite/putty etc) needs to be opened on the host computer and connected to the USB port communicating with the board.
        2.2.3 Debugger

    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.
        2.2.2 Configure Terminal software
            Open the terminal interface software and configure as below:
            - Select correct COM Port
            - Select Baud-rate of 9600
            - Select 8 data bits
            - Select none parity checking
            - Select 1 stop bits
            - Select Append LF on Transmitted Text

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Importing the project into the workspace
        After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select "Uart_Example_S32G399A_M7". Then click on "Finish".
        The project should now be copied into you current workspace.
        Wait for the S32 Configuration was initialized and ready.
    3.2 Generating the S32 configuration
        The example will run without an active configuration, however if any changes are required, a configuration needs to be generated.
        The initial configuration will have the same settings as the default example settings.
        Right click on the current project, then click "S32 Configuration Tool" choose "Open Peripherals".
        Pay attention to any error and warning message. If any configured value is invalid, they will be shown for user.
        Make the desired changes (if any) then click "Update Code".
    3.3 Building the project
        Select the configuration to be built: RAM (Debug_RAM) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, Uart_Example_S32G399A_M7.elf binary file
        should be created.
    3.4 Running the project
        Go to \b Run and select \b Debug Configurations. See in left side, left click to "Uart_Example_S32G399A_M7_Debug_RAM_S32Debug"
        Go to tab Debugger, select "Interface" to S32 Debug Probe - USB
        Select USB device connect to S32 Probe Debugger
        Click "Apply" to save the configuration.
        Click "Debug" to start debug the application.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.